 I will probably represent the solar side I have in the past, and I would push you to another lawyer that could represent you as to the contract. So I'm saying this not as your lawyer, but as just someone who understands the deal. So with that sort of caveat, the way that the contract has been written, there's two issues you have to think about and be comfortable with. One is that you're putting up money for them to actually build the system. So there is this world where if they were an unreliable builder, you give them the money and they end up drinking tequilas on the beach in Mexico and you don't have a project. So that's sort of thing one to think about. Thing two is, like you said, there's a note amount that's pushed out for 30 years or 25, it depends on the model, depends on the system, but somewhere between 25 and 35 years, let's say. Under the modeled conditions for the solar output, that all should be covered and then a lot more, or a lot more, more than enough to cover those payments and tax on it, stuff like that. The way that the note has been written, at least for some of these deals, is that you don't owe, that your principal and interest payments are reduced through the amount of cash that you receive from sale solar, sale of the electricity for the year. In other words, if you had a year that for whatever reason, zero dollars were paid, your payment on the principal and interest would be zero. Obviously it catches up in future years where there's more sales. So again, let's just pretend for a second that you're making a hundred dollars every year from solar, from electricity sale, your payment to the note is $50 principal and interest. If in your, whatever number three or whatever you have zero, your principal and interest goes to zero. Year four, if you make a hundred again, you're going to owe, I don't think it's to a hundred percent. I think it's not up to 90% of what you make as a catch up amount. So you would owe 90 in year four and then 60 in year five or whatever that number is. Does that make sense? So there is some... There is some... Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There is some sort of understanding that you kind of don't know sometimes what can happen day in, day out. It doesn't necessarily get rid of the concern necessarily, but it probably does mitigate the need. Yeah. Right. And exactly. So to answer your question, I would say, I think it's a good idea to start with the Yes, you still have to think about that. I don't think it's as much an issue of year in, year out. I think if there's a couple of bad years or a tenant changes and they don't pay for whatever, I think they'll be sort of, if there's year in, year out, I wouldn't be as worried about it. You are still on the hook for the note. So if at the end of 25 or 30 years, you haven't paid anything back, you're still on the hook for the note, which is not ideal. So in some ways, it doesn't necessarily answer your question, but it also hopefully mitigates it a little bit. What I will also say is... I think I was going to say... If you're not able to do whatever you need to do to get that paying again, my guess is there would be appetite for you to say, hey, take the solar system as payment for the note, and I'll just wash my hands and we both walk away. I'm not saying that, again, not to rely on that, but I'm saying just logistically that if you don't get paid for 30 years, they're not getting paid for 30 years. And my guess is they'll be... It's like an economic incentive for them to want to resolve that with you before 30 years is up. The purchase, I don't think it's contemplated. I think we could probably do that. I don't think there'd be an issue with that. One thing we would want to be careful of is we don't want to make it look like a sham transaction. So in the past... The one thing we're concerned about is the IRS coming and saying, you never intended to hold this for more than five years. Obviously, you have to hold it for five years so you don't have recapture. The recapture, if it changes hands within five years, the credits go away or a portion of the credits go away. So it obviously can't be within five years, but even beyond the five years, if what you said was, say, on year six... I've seen this before, right? Year six. You have an option. You can force the buyer, the builder to trade system for the note. But at that point, then are you really the owner? Because you're just effectively temporarily an owner for a few years to get the credits, right? And so I think I don't know that there would be an issue of putting that in there, but I'm just telling you that you probably want to be careful in how we worded it so that there wasn't a concern that there was some right or pre-negotiated. Right. thing that you were going to sell it. Right. You'd want that to be in the case that if it's not performing and if there's two or three years that you haven't been able to make payment, that you guys agree that you will negotiate the sale of the property in exchange for the note or something on some set of terms. Right. Something like that. I think you could probably put something in there that was like, there's a trigger. It has to be a couple of years that you're not making money for something so you don't have some automatic right. But if for whatever reason, they now have a whole bunch of nuclear plants that produce so much electricity that prices go way down or something, then you kind of pre-negotiated how you would get out of that instance. So I think you could do that. The ones I've done haven't had that in there, but you can. Right. Right. And I think the way you deal with that, I mean, again, you don't want to talk to the lawyer. I mean, I think I've dealt with a built-in builder for Bergloff as well. But you want to do some diligence and have your lawyer look at the contracts. Obviously, I think there's the contracts. Some of them have an indemnity in there that he personally indemnifies you if it's not built in time or whatever. And I've had some people that have asked for his balance sheet or his company's balance sheet to know that there's assets there if you have to go chase them down or something. So I think there's probably ways that you can mitigate that again. But I just raised that for you. In my mind, there's sort of two. Two issues. One is on the front end, you're putting the money before it's built, which is fine. That's not necessarily abnormal. But you just want to make sure that that risk is mitigated. And then two is the one that you brought up. I haven't. I have seen it take longer to turn on than they expected. In the sense that like an inverter broke or something or whatever. So it took longer to start making money from the project. But that got sorted out and note contemplated that they didn't have to pay on the principal or interest for the time that it was down paying repair. So I haven't seen it in the sort of extreme cases, but I have seen a little bit on that side as far as the builder going to the beach in Mexico. I haven't seen that. I've been around the solar world enough to know that that's possible. It's not necessarily a well regarded isn't the right word, but it's not necessarily an industry that's full of upstanding citizens necessarily. So I've heard I've heard I've heard stories, but but I haven't. I haven't. The people I've dealt with have been pretty pretty solid. So. I haven't, but I haven't been involved at that stage. Right. I'm usually involved. I'm one of the friends with the contracts and stuff. Not that I'm aware of, but I don't know that I would be aware of it. So. Because I'm not aware of it. But. Yeah. I mean. It's certainly a possibility. I do think that. The way that they're worded again, I don't this is something to check, but I think the way it's worded or it should be worded is that if they're not paying you, you can then sell it to the grid instead. So it's not like they get free electricity. It's like, okay, well, if you don't buy it from me, that's just fine. You can buy it from the grid and let them shut off your power and I'll sell 100% of the grid. But again, I don't know that. That's just be my. My hunch. If I were doing it. I would be looking to do something like that if I could. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. I can send you, I can send you the latest one that we just barely finished for a guy. Um, again, I was representing the other side. He was represented and their lawyers asked for a few things in there that I think are probably good for the buyer side. So, um, I can send you that as a template. Just know that that that's sort of a post negotiated contract. Um, so you may have to negotiate some of those again. Um, but I'm happy to send that to you as a as a sample of over. Yeah. No problem. Yeah, There's an attorney. There's a, I mean, some people bring their own attorneys. There was a guy in Texas that has been on the other side a few times that understands the transaction and documents and stuff. Um, if you want to use somebody new or whatever you use, whoever you want but, um, if this case probably. Decently efficient, timewise and cost wise. Is because he's. I'm familiar with the credits and the transactions, stuff like that. So I'm happy to make a referral there if it's helpful. I'm so happy not to, if you have somebody in mind you'd want to use. Because at the end of the day, there's kind of two things you want to think about when you're finding someone, right? Probably. One is someone, obviously it's a contract you're negotiating. So that's kind of the main, most important part. But it also is nice if you have someone that has a little bit of tax knowledge so that they can understand, they can at least get their heads around it. This last one, we just finished negotiating and they got a contract and a tax lawyer. I think they were like cousins or something. So I don't think it was like crazy expensive, although I don't know that. But that way they could have... Pardon me. I didn't. I don't know how much they charged. It sounded like they were all somehow related. So my guess is it was cheaper than it sounds to have two lawyers on all the calls. But he just said like, oh, I've got one cousin who's a tax lawyer and one cousin who's a contract lawyer. So contract lawyer can ask all the questions about the indemnities and tax lawyer can make sure all the stuff's in there about the whatever. So I don't think you need to do that. I'm just saying that if you're going to pick somebody you know. You might want to have them pull them somehow out of the tax world. Although that's probably not necessary. Yeah. We talked about that. It's possible. I've seen it happen. I don't think it's possible. I don't love it. Obviously, again, I'm not representing you. So you do whatever you want. But the reason it's just objectively, I think, a less good idea is that if you'll want to make this, my guess is an active credit, meaning you're going to want this to be active, be able to offset active income, W-2 income, whatever else. Yeah. And in order to do that, you need to be actively participate in the project. There's a few ways that you can actively participate. But the one, if you're the kind of sole owner, the way you get there is you say you do substantially all of the work for the project for the year. I think it's, I remember the exact words, but it's something like that or substantially all, I think, which is not all of it, but like almost all of it. So it's not like you have a foreman on site. It's not like you have a tax lawyer. It's not like you have somebody else doing it. You're the one that checks the system, logs in and make sure it's still producing electricity that people are paying. You're going to do all the work for it. How much work that is, I'm not sure. It's five hours, 15 hours, but it's probably not a lot of hours, realistically. If you have two people, then you can't use that test because obviously there's two of you and one of you, neither one of you can do substantially all the work if the other one is also doing it. So then you have to fall under a test. Kind of the next most favorable test is that you each do at least a hundred hours and neither of you do more than the other. It's not worded like that, but that's effectively what it says. You do the same amount as anybody else and you do at least a hundred hours. Well the problem with that is now you'd have to do a hundred hours. A hundred hours is a lot of hours, two hours a week, the whole year. Right? And. You may be able to find, you may be able to go out and sweep the solar system one more time or log in one more time. But the truth is, I think you're going to be working really hard to find stuff to do for a hundred hours. And I think that's the thing that makes it less attractive just objectively is that the difference is 15 hours, like a more safe way of doing it or a hundred hours where you're kind of grasping at straws to say you actually did a hundred hours. Right? But, but to answer your question, I have seen it and it is possible. And most, most companies that do sell solar in some capacity do some sort of a model like that where there's lots of people, because it's easier. It's easier to put people into, you know, lots of people into a project. The problem is now you have a whole bunch of people who have to keep track of their hours and make sure you spend a bunch of hours on something that probably doesn't have a hundred hours of work. Let alone 200 or 400. Right? And then the other thing, the other thing, just to be aware of, and I'm sure Michael talked about this, but you know, you can carry this back in time up to three years. It sounds like you've kind of managed that tax stuff, but that year that you made, you know, you had two, 300,000 in fact, or whatever, you know, in 2023. Right? In 2023, for example, if you wanted, you could buy enough for this year and 23 and carry it back and wipe up 23 tax liability and get a refund. Oh, okay. Right on. Okay. Right now. Good. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I think, yeah, I mean, he could run that. He runs, he knows the model better than I do, so he can, you know, whatever, but yeah, I just want to make sure you're aware of that. Sounds like he's kind of ready for that. Depends on the size of the system and stuff and maybe my closet system in mind. I don't, I don't know. I see that a little bit. Um. I think they're probably you know, If you give them another... so he can sign in, kiss her. Yeah. I think they're probably a couple of months, you know, for a smaller system. Hmm. Maybe two or three months is my guess. I've seen it take anywhere from two days to three months. Depends on how long the lawyer is on your son. With me, I would choose to pay as a member of the insurance company five years apart. I like to think that I'm a relatively reasonable, practical person, but I'm not going to hold up a transaction, but I have some people that are pretty hard-nosed and then suddenly it's fireworks every other day and it can take a long time. But I think the average is probably a couple of weeks. Yeah, I don't think you have to do it today. I mean, the one thing I will say is, and again, this is probably more a question for Michael than for me, but the one thing you probably would not want to do is wait until September. You probably could still build a system in September and have it done by December. Although you're... Sorry. I'm starting to probably push it. But to find the right system for you, like I said, maybe Michael already has one that he's found or that he has a minor or whatever for you, but it might take a month to find the right system for you. So what I would say is, if you obviously get comfortable with it and take whatever time you need, but when you are ready, you can move forward, probably move forward sooner than later, just so you don't end up in a position where in August 15th, if you say, hey, I'm ready. And then Michael or the builders just say, I'm not going to have a system come up that I can build for you until October. And now you are starting to get to a place where you should be worried about getting finished on time. So those are just sort of things to keep in mind. All righty. Yep. Thank you much. Talk soon. Yep, I will. Yeah, just, I mean, like I said, I'll be involved, but he'll be the one that knows how big the system is and what. And my guess is he'll work with the builder directly to find a system that might work for you and show you that, you know, I'm not going to be involved in any of that. I'll just be involved when you guys come back to me and say, hey, here's a system that Matt wants to buy. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And then you and your lawyer, me and your lawyer will sit down and hash out the agreement. Sounds good, sir. Okay. Talk soon. Yep. Not a problem. Thanks. Bye.